I'm a anti-revisionist Marxist-Leninist and I've come here to debunk your statements and answer your questions:
I'm not in favor of your so-called "democratic socialism." It's not socialism, it's a petty bourgeois ideology that larps as socialism. The attitude of the communists to the "democratic socialists" is explained here in "Principles of Communism" by Engels: https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1847/11/prin-com.htm
I'm in favor of the style of democracy used in the Soviet Union, and Albania under Lenin, Stalin, and Hoxha. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Okz2YMW1AwY )
This is in response to this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBXhLUj5N0s

Question 1: There's only one definition of socialism, it's when the workers own and control the means of production. Anything that isn't this is not socialism. You cannot have socialism without a proletarian democratic revolution to establish a dictatorship of the proletariat, replacing the capitalist dictatorship of the bourgeoisie. Socialism isn't when the government takes over the means of production, it's when the workers take over the means of production in a proletarian revolution, the responsibility of the state would be to plan the economy, though there are market socialists who support maintaining the market system. Nor is it when you redistribute wealth, though there will most certainly be a lot of welfare programs. Nor is socialism "imposed on the people," socialism requires a mass revolution by the proletariat- imperialism is not the way to spread the revolution either.

Question 2: Socialism worked in the USSR (under Lenin and Stalin), North Korea, Albania, Cuba, and more countries that have established a dictatorship of the proletariat. Paul Robeson, an African-American communist who lived during the Great Depression visited the USSR and found his life was much better there, they suffered from no race relations issues and the living conditions of the people there were much better in capitalist cities. (https://www.marxists.org/archive/robeson/1935/01/15.htm )
Nobody is "fleeing Venezuela," the vast majority of people there still support the Maduro government. Nor is it "socialist," I strongly defend the Maduro government but even FOX News admitted that the vast majority of industries are privately owned. (https://www.foxnews.com/world/what-socialism-private-sector-still-dominates-venezuelan-economy-despite-chavez-crusade ) "There's no toilet paper on the shelves." Kind of ironic considering the COVID-19 pandemic.
Cuba's horrible situation is easily explainable, it's because of the US embargo. Despite this, Cuba has a higher life expectancy and literacy rate than the US.
Sweden wasn't socialist, just because you have nationalized industry doesn't mean you have worker control. And communists are for the abolition of taxation. (They got it done in North Korea and Albania)
"People used to stand for hours in lines for loaves of bread" This is completely ignorant of breadlines during the great depression. (seriously look it up) Along with this there is a breadline under capitalism, it's called the grocery store and you have to pay for your food. So those who can't afford it are out of luck, and they starve and die. In addition, this is completely ignorant of the millions of potatoes being wasted during the COVID-19 pandemic whilst millions of Americans can't scrape together $400 during an emergency. That's capitalist overproduction for you. And it's a problem even before the pandemic when you consider the fact that we have enough food to feed 10 billion people, but a lot of it is wasted. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALtfQVbHtM0 ) If that still doesn't convince you, then according to national geographic people in the USSR ate 3,200 calories per day which decreased by 700 after the collapse. (https://www.nationalgeographic.com/what-the-world-eats/ ) Along with this a CIA report said their diet "may be more nutritious." (https://www.cia.gov/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP84B00274R000300150009-5.pdf )
"Photographs of them eating their own shoes." There's no actual record of this but we're moving on.
"Oppression, starvation, and death." Great way to describe capitalism.

Question 3: It depends on the amount of progress we achieve, eventually the state-planned economy would pay for it all when we abolish taxation- when we abolish money the worker's culture would incentivize people (or robots considering technological advancements) to do the work.
There's no such thing as "kinder rich," whether it's intentional or unintentional, the boss is stealing the vast majority of profit from their employees. This is known as the surplus value and can be explained in greater detail in this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mI_RMQEulw
"Equally poor and the government is in charge of your own money" is a straw man of socialism.

Question 4: Socialism isn't when the "government tells people what to do and give our money to somebody else." I've already made clear my position on taxes earlier in Question 3 and the actual definition of socialism in Question 1.

Question 5: We want Marxism-Leninism here because it's the system that works. Capitalists steal the vast majority of profit despite contributing to no actual work themselves, and it is a flawed system because of overproduction where overproduced food isn't distributed to those who actually need it but instead wasted. This isn't an issue in socialist countries.
"100 million people" this number is completely ignorant of the 20 million people that die each year from capitalism. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HjTfm_D3sE ) Many of those deaths were the result of famines in underdeveloped post-feudal socialist economies, despite the complications these countries (particularly the Soviet Union under Stalin) emerged as economic and military superpowers.
"Socialism is one of the deadliest ideologies ever known" Seems to have improved the quality of life in all countries it has been introduced to by providing the full value of labor to the employees less the necessary deductions, universal employment, universal healthcare, free college, universal education, and a variety of other benefits that improved quality of life, so that's not true. As of now over 42 million Americans face hunger, that includes 13 million children. (https://www.feedingamerica.org/hunger-in-america ) That's capitalism for you, it puts people in misery and poverty except for the 1%.

Side note: I'm not in favor of Bernie Sanders or AOC because they are social imperialists (socialists who ends up practicing imperialism under the guise of socialism or proletarian internationalism) who are in favor of a system called social democracy. Bernie is an imperialist since he's in favor of nuclear strikes on Iran or North Korea (https://www.greanvillepost.com/2020/02/14/sanders-tells-new-york-times-he-would-consider-a-preemptive-strike-against-iran-or-north-korea/ )
